Modify examples to work with latest substrate changes (#440)
paritytech/subxt: cli/README.md

## Codegen

Use to invoke the `subxt-codegen` crate which is used by `subxt-macro` to generate the runtime API and types. Useful

> for troubleshooting codegen as an alternative to `cargo expand`, and also provides the possibility of customizing the
> generated code if the macro does not produce the desired API. e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for troubleshooting codegen as an alternative to `cargo expand`, and also provides the possibility to customize the
generated code if the macro does not produce the desired API. e.g.
```

Author: Thanks! Will open a new PR, examples are working on master
